Week 10 Pod meeting
Date: May 15, 2015
Attendants: Abass Bayo-Awoyemi, Dison Ruan, Janneisy Vidals, Rosmary Fermin, Pooja Pasawala, Madelyn Tavarez
Team Leader: Janneisy
Think Piece: Programming Suck 
Retrospective

Rosmary Fermin

Last week’s goal - To complete any missed exercises for unit 1
What went well (what goals did you meet?)  - I did not meet my goal due to working on the homework.
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? how?) - If I were able to finish my homework sooner, I would have had extra time to work on the previous exercises. That being said, I am missing very few exercises. 
What is your goal for next week? - My goal for next week is to review all exercises and follow “slidenerds" tutorial for android. I think it will help with some confusion I have. 
what do you need help with (peers sign up to help if they can)? I need help with connecting my main with my xml and learning how to call certain methods to get my app to do what I want. 


Janneisy Vidals

Last week’s goal - Was to review concepts taught in class.
What went well (what goals did you meet?) - Yes.
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) - Android techniques.
What is your goal for next week? - I would like to finish the calcualtor project and continue w/ horoscope app.
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can) ? I need help w/ pieces together in Android.

Abass Bayo-awoyemi
Last week’s goal - Pimp up Horoscope App.
What went well (what goals did you meet?) - Yes. I was able to meet my goals.
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) - Needing to get better reading apis and exploring the unkown.
What is your goal for next week? - Excel in calculator project.
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can):  Not sure. 

Dison Ruan
Last week’s goal -  more training 
What went well (what goals did you meet?) -  yes.
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) - Not playing video games. 
What is your goal for next week? - Catch up on my studies.
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can) - Not at moment, maybe soon.

Pooja Pasawala
Last week’s goal - 
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) - 
What is your goal for next week? - 
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can) - 

Madelyn Tavarez
Last week’s goal - Really want to learn how to implement anything and everything into Android studio and how everything works. 
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can) - How to use fragmenets.
What went well (what goals did you meet?) - More comfortable w/ Android Studio and starting to understand when to use an OnClick listen instead of using XML
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) - Implementing the countdown timer so it can work correctly.
What is your goal for next week? - To convert my horoscope app into fragments and to finish the calculator.

Think piece discussion (team leader has prepared answers and guides discussion)
What are 2 things you took from this think piece? 
How does this think piece relate to access code? 


TODOs

Extra comments / Anything you want your program managers to know

Programing can be hard and fustrating. It can physically  and mentally tiring. 
It's all about figuring things out. 

Next Week

Next Week’s think piece: not assigned yet!
Next Week’s team leader: Abass
