Week 6 Pod meeting
Date: April 25, 2015
Attendants: Abass Bayo-Awoyemi, Dison Ruan, Janneisy Vidals, Rosmary Fermin, Pooja Pasawala, Madelyn Tavarez
Team Leader: Madelyn Tavarez
Think Piece:
Retrospective

Rosmary Fermin

Last week’s goal - To complete or attempt to complete all bootcamp exercises by Monday.
What went well (what goals did you meet?) - Completed almost all of them
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) -Problems focusing at the initiation of the bootcamp and spent two days on methods and that sort of held her back
What is your goal for next week? - Have a better understanding of how to  
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can) - Understanding how to use Adnroid Studio and how to implement programs.

Janneisy Vidals

Last week’s goal - Catch up as much as possible and go through all the exercises and assessment again.
What went well (what goals did you meet?) - Was able to do 80% of the exercises. Did a lot better this time on the assesment.
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) - Wish she would have gotten through the ENTIRE bootcamp.
What is your goal for next week? - Go over more data structures and watch more Android videos.
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can) Making the emulator run faster and learning how Android studio works

Abass Bayo-awoyemi

Last week’s goal - Be fully up to date (intro to java master!).
What went well (what goals did you meet?) - Got a good grasp of all of the concepts he thought he knew well before but didn't actually know.
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) - Same challenges, time managment and not knowing where to start. Prioritizing.
What is your goal for next week? - Fully understand the structure on an Android structure project and learn more about classes and inheritance.
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can): Figuring out how all of the parts of an Android project come together.

Dison Ruan

Last week’s goal - Finish Head First Android and finish Using APIs by this Saturday night.
What went well (what goals did you meet?) - Learned a bit of Android programming using Java files.
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) - Didn't get to finish using APIs
What is your goal for next week? - Finish New Bostons tutorial which includes a camera App and writing a mini game. Not miss any classwork.
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can) - Everything in regards to Android and Java Object Oriented Programming.


Pooja Pasawala

Last week’s goal - Mini lectures on conditionals and logic operators (need to come up with good examples) and programming Conway's Game of Life!
What went well (what goals did you meet?) - Lectures went well and got to focus on people who were really struggling in order to allow them to branch on their own. Was able to complete Conway's game of life.
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) - Didn't come across too many challenges last week because she was trying to help the class progress. 
What is your goal for next week? - Get more comfortable with Android and make atleast one small App
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can) - so far so good. Thinks she will have more problems deeper into Android.
Think piece discussion (team leader has prepared answers and guides discussion)

Madelyn Tavarez
Last week’s goal - Finishing all problems and reviewing ALL java concepts
What went well (what goals did you meet?) - Learned so much this past week by teaching herself and reviewing everything from the very beginning. Now understands how things work much better and how things interact in Java.
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) - Had problems understanding the difference between constructors and methods for a while.
What is your goal for next week? - Really want to learn how to implement anything and everything into Android studio and how everything works. 
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can) - I really enjoyed working on my own to understand everything.

Think piece discussion (team leader has prepared answers and guides discussion)
What are 2 things you took from this think piece? Self-Awareness. Thinking more as if you are a hiring manager and what you would be looking for. Presenting yourself in the right way and representing that to others(an employer/interviewer).
How does this think piece relate to access code? Being honest with ourselves about our strengths and weaknesses and working on developing them and imrpoving. 
TODOs

Extra comments / Anything you want your program managers to know

Next Week

Next Week’s think piece: not assigned yet!
Next Week’s team leader: Abass
